XSUP-27732 Unable to query for emails (#29406)
demisto/content: Packs/Mimecast/ReleaseNotes/2_2_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Mimecast v2

> - Fixed an issue where **query** command do not work when no arguments supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***mimecast-query*** command raised an exception when the *queryXml* argument was not provided.
```
